hello everyone my name is good as handy
oh I don't know what my name is goodness
and day we're going to bet on singers go
skins yeah baby easy schemes easy life
so today we're going to bet on penta
versus LC as you can see this for Kim's
pop up so well my prediction is that
phantom will will will okay so yes you
can see my items that i am i'm going to
bed okay let's let's do a pretty big bed
why not not a huge but I trust banter I
have seen it winner okay so i know it is
stupid but i am going to go almost all
in into France only got a few cents yeah
let's place the bet and dirty sense yeah
this dump but fuck it yo lo come on
nigga whoa so yeah we're back and guess
what pantha born yep yep yep yep it was
pretty difficult Panther got d dost not
panda else you gotta dust and I think
that that's why Panther ball it was real
difficult for them or so yeah let's see
what we got okay so um let me move this
just a little bit okay so we got pretty
shitty items that's what I'm going to
say I'm gonna do I'm gonna make use
these for a small bed so yeah right okay
so last time me we got lucky and ten to
one but it won't just because of zeros
well I think just because of that I'm
not sure hmm so anyway let's let's get
started over here let me just move this
ok so I'm going to bet on a TN
because penta is really shit they were
just lucky now I know okay the more you
bet the more you learn something like
that so let's bet some shitty items like
maybe one more yeah yeah just like that
I think that's good mm-hmm okay I'm
gonna do some small bets well I are only
good fuck it okay so I got one dollar
has to F epsilon bins it probably both
I'm just wasting my skin's but come on
easy skins easy life like one wise man
said you know what I just thought fuck
it let's do a lion let's add items to
bed oh shit i just know yes let's do
this shit he was just trying to hold
lobby and rest with teammates push
outside apex with a frank ando see a
second fraggin flamey what are they
picking up the ak-47 answer just be
happy the first round okay guys so we
won France alone and yeah we got like
not that much actually with this this
and this yeah I hoped to get a lot more
but I mean it's okay a good thing we
didn't lost their all in thing I know it
was dumped but let's wait for other
screams I just want to say that
alternate lost they were so close they
already played over time like 1818 and
then bound alternate lost oh yeah
he's the skins easy large yeah that was
happy moment for me so anyway I'm
talking on the recorded video not like
live so yeah you know I bet on epsilon a
small bed and they won and I want one
dollar so yeah that was that was real
good I mean yeah i was happy i know
that's not much for some of you but
those much for me so yeah and yeah i
just calculated my profit and we have
three point fifty nice so yeah I I'm
happy that I bet on epsilon and on
France well I shouldn't have done that
but well I got lucky so yeah thank you
for watching guys I'll see in the next
episode easy schemes is life peace